README.md, before:

![otwld ollama helm chart banner](./banner.png)

[![Artifact Hub](https://img.shields.io/endpoint?url=https://artifacthub.io/badge/repository/ollama-helm)](https://artifacthub.io/packages/search?repo=ollama-helm)
[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/badge/Discord-OTWLD-blue?logo=discord&logoColor=white)](https://discord.gg/U24mpqTynB)


[Ollama](https://ollama.ai/), get up and running with large language models, locally.

This Community Chart is for deploying [Ollama](https://github.com/ollama/ollama). 

## Requirements

- Kubernetes: `>= 1.16.0-0` for **CPU only**

- Kubernetes: `>= 1.26.0-0` for **GPU** stable support (NVIDIA and AMD)

*Not all GPUs are currently supported with ollama (especially with AMD)*

## Deploying Ollama chart

To install the `ollama` chart in the `ollama` namespace:

```console
helm repo add ollama-helm https://otwld.github.io/ollama-helm/
helm repo update
helm install ollama ollama-helm/ollama --namespace ollama
```

## Upgrading Ollama chart

First please read the [release notes](https://github.com/ollama/ollama/releases) of Ollama to make sure there are no backwards incompatible changes.

Make adjustments to your values as needed, then run `helm upgrade`:

```console
# -- This pulls the latest version of the ollama chart from the repo.
helm repo update
helm upgrade ollama ollama-helm/ollama --namespace ollama --values values.yaml
```

## Uninstalling Ollama chart

To uninstall/delete the `ollama` deployment in the `ollama` namespace:

```console
helm delete ollama --namespace ollama
```

Substitute your values if they differ from the examples. See `helm delete --help` for a full reference on `delete` parameters and flags.


## Interact with Ollama

- **Ollama documentation can be found [HERE](https://github.com/ollama/ollama/tree/main/docs)**
- Interact with RESTful API: [Ollama API](https://github.com/ollama/ollama/blob/main/docs/api.md) 
- Interact with official clients libraries: [ollama-js](https://github.com/ollama/ollama-js#custom-client) and [ollama-python](https://github.com/ollama/ollama-python#custom-client)
- Interact with langchain: [langchain-js](https://github.com/ollama/ollama/blob/main/docs/tutorials/langchainjs.md) and [langchain-python](https://github.com/ollama/ollama/blob/main/docs/tutorials/langchainpy.md)


## Examples
- **It's highly recommended to run an updated version of Kubernetes for deploying ollama with GPU**

### Basic values.yaml example with GPU and two models pull at startup
```
ollama:
  gpu:
    # -- Enable GPU integration
    enabled: true
    
    # -- GPU type: 'nvidia' or 'amd'
    type: 'nvidia'
    
    # -- Specify the number of GPU to 1
    number: 1
   
  # -- List of models to pull at container startup
  models: 
    - mistral
    - llama2
```
---
### Basic values.yaml example with Ingress
```
ollama:
  models:
    - llama2
  
ingress:
  enabled: true
    hosts:
    - host: ollama.domain.lan
      paths:
        - path: /
          pathType: Prefix
```

- *API is now reachable at `ollama.domain.lan`*

## Helm Values

- See [values.yaml](values.yaml) to see the Chart's default values.

| Key | Type | Default | Description |
|-----|------|---------|-------------|
| affinity | object | `{}` | Affinity for pod assignment |
| autoscaling.enabled | bool | `false` | Enable autoscaling |
| autoscaling.maxReplicas | int | `100` | Number of maximum replicas |
| autoscaling.minReplicas | int | `1` | Number of minimum replicas |
| autoscaling.targetCPUUtilizationPercentage | int | `80` | CPU usage to target replica |
| extraArgs | list | `[]` | Additional arguments on the output Deployment definition. |
| extraEnv | list | `[]` | Additional environments variables on the output Deployment definition. |
| fullnameOverride | string | `""` | String to fully override template |
| hostIPC | bool | `false` | Use the host’s ipc namespace. |
| hostNetwork | bool | `false` | Use the host's network namespace. |
| hostPID | bool | `false` | Use the host’s pid namespace |
| image.pullPolicy | string | `"IfNotPresent"` | Docker pull policy |
| image.repository | string | `"ollama/ollama"` | Docker image registry |
| image.tag | string | `""` | Docker image tag, overrides the image tag whose default is the chart appVersion. |
| imagePullSecrets | list | `[]` | Docker registry secret names as an array |
| ingress.annotations | object | `{}` | Additional annotations for the Ingress resource. |
| ingress.className | string | `""` | IngressClass that will be used to implement the Ingress (Kubernetes 1.18+) |
| ingress.enabled | bool | `false` | Enable ingress controller resource |
| ingress.hosts[0].host | string | `"ollama.local"` |  |
| ingress.hosts[0].paths[0].path | string | `"/"` |  |
| ingress.hosts[0].paths[0].pathType | string | `"Prefix"` |  |
| ingress.tls | list | `[]` | The tls configuration for hostnames to be covered with this ingress record. |
| initContainers | list | `[]` | Init containers to add to the pod |
| knative.containerConcurrency | int | `0` | Knative service container concurrency |
| knative.enabled | bool | `false` | Enable Knative integration |
| knative.idleTimeoutSeconds | int | `300` | Knative service idle timeout seconds |
| knative.responseStartTimeoutSeconds | int | `300` | Knative service response start timeout seconds |
| knative.timeoutSeconds | int | `300` | Knative service timeout seconds |
| livenessProbe.enabled | bool | `true` | Enable livenessProbe |
| livenessProbe.failureThreshold | int | `6` | Failure threshold for livenessProbe |
| livenessProbe.initialDelaySeconds | int | `60` | Initial delay seconds for livenessProbe |
| livenessProbe.path | string | `"/"` | Request path for livenessProbe |
| livenessProbe.periodSeconds | int | `10` | Period seconds for livenessProbe |
| livenessProbe.successThreshold | int | `1` | Success threshold for livenessProbe |
| livenessProbe.timeoutSeconds | int | `5` | Timeout seconds for livenessProbe |
| nameOverride | string | `""` | String to partially override template  (will maintain the release name) |
| nodeSelector | object | `{}` | Node labels for pod assignment. |
| ollama.gpu.enabled | bool | `false` | Enable GPU integration |
| ollama.gpu.number | int | `1` | Specify the number of GPU |
| ollama.gpu.type | string | `"nvidia"` | GPU type: 'nvidia' or 'amd' If 'ollama.gpu.enabled', default value is nvidia If set to 'amd', this will add 'rocm' suffix to image tag if 'image.tag' is not override This is due cause AMD and CPU/CUDA are different images |
| ollama.insecure | bool | `false` | Add insecure flag for pulling at container startup |
| ollama.models | list | `[]` | List of models to pull at container startup The more you add, the longer the container will take to start if models are not present models:  - llama2  - mistral |
| ollama.mountPath | string | `""` | Override ollama-data volume mount path, default: "/root/.ollama" |
| persistentVolume.accessModes | list | `["ReadWriteOnce"]` | Ollama server data Persistent Volume access modes Must match those of existing PV or dynamic provisioner Ref: http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/persistent-volumes/ |
| persistentVolume.annotations | object | `{}` | Ollama server data Persistent Volume annotations |
| persistentVolume.enabled | bool | `false` | Enable persistence using PVC |
| persistentVolume.existingClaim | string | `""` | If you'd like to bring your own PVC for persisting Ollama state, pass the name of the created + ready PVC here. If set, this Chart will not create the default PVC. Requires server.persistentVolume.enabled: true |
| persistentVolume.size | string | `"30Gi"` | Ollama server data Persistent Volume size |
| persistentVolume.storageClass | string | `""` | Ollama server data Persistent Volume Storage Class If defined, storageClassName: <storageClass> If set to "-", storageClassName: "", which disables dynamic provisioning If undefined (the default) or set to null, no storageClassName spec is set, choosing the default provisioner.  (gp2 on AWS, standard on GKE, AWS & OpenStack) |
| persistentVolume.subPath | string | `""` | Subdirectory of Ollama server data Persistent Volume to mount Useful if the volume's root directory is not empty |
| persistentVolume.volumeMode | string | `""` | Ollama server data Persistent Volume Binding Mode If defined, volumeMode: <volumeMode> If empty (the default) or set to null, no volumeBindingMode spec is set, choosing the default mode. |
| podAnnotations | object | `{}` | Map of annotations to add to the pods |
| podLabels | object | `{}` | Map of labels to add to the pods |
| podSecurityContext | object | `{}` | Pod Security Context |
| readinessProbe.enabled | bool | `true` | Enable readinessProbe |
| readinessProbe.failureThreshold | int | `6` | Failure threshold for readinessProbe |
| readinessProbe.initialDelaySeconds | int | `30` | Initial delay seconds for readinessProbe |
| readinessProbe.path | string | `"/"` | Request path for readinessProbe |
| readinessProbe.periodSeconds | int | `5` | Period seconds for readinessProbe |
| readinessProbe.successThreshold | int | `1` | Success threshold for readinessProbe |
| readinessProbe.timeoutSeconds | int | `3` | Timeout seconds for readinessProbe |
| replicaCount | int | `1` | Number of replicas |
| resources.limits | object | `{}` | Pod limit |
| resources.requests | object | `{}` | Pod requests |
| runtimeClassName | string | `""` | Specify runtime class |
| securityContext | object | `{}` | Container Security Context |
| service.annotations | object | `{}` | Annotations to add to the service |
| service.nodePort | int | `31434` | Service node port when service type is 'NodePort' |
| service.port | int | `11434` | Service port |
| service.type | string | `"ClusterIP"` | Service type |
| serviceAccount.annotations | object | `{}` | Annotations to add to the service account |
| serviceAccount.automount | bool | `true` | Automatically mount a ServiceAccount's API credentials? |
| serviceAccount.create | bool | `true` | Specifies whether a service account should be created |
| serviceAccount.name | string | `""` | The name of the service account to use. If not set and create is true, a name is generated using the fullname template |
| tolerations | list | `[]` | Tolerations for pod assignment |
| updateStrategy | object | `{"type":""}` | How to replace existing pods |
| updateStrategy.type | string | `""` | Can be "Recreate" or "RollingUpdate". Default is RollingUpdate |
| volumeMounts | list | `[]` | Additional volumeMounts on the output Deployment definition. |
| volumes | list | `[]` | Additional volumes on the output Deployment definition. |
----------------------------------------------

## Core team

<table>
    <tr>
       <td align="center">
            <a href="https://github.com/jdetroyes"
                ><img
                    src="https://github.com/jdetroyes.png?size=200"
                    width="50"
                    style="margin-bottom: -4px; border-radius: 8px;"
                    alt="Jean Baptiste Detroyes"
                /><br /><b>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Jean Baptiste&nbsp;Detroyes&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</b></a
            >
            <div style="margin-top: 4px">
                <a href="https://github.com/jdetroyes" title="Github"
                    ><img
                        width="16"
                        src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MarsiBarsi/readme-icons/main/github.svg"
                /></a>
                <a
                    href="mailto:jdetroyes@otwld.com"
                    title="Email"
                    ><img
                        width="16"
                        src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MarsiBarsi/readme-icons/main/send.svg"
                /></a>
            </div>
        </td>
       <td align="center">
            <a href="https://github.com/ntrehout"
                ><img
                    src="https://github.com/ntrehout.png?size=200"
                    width="50"
                    style="margin-bottom: -4px; border-radius: 8px;"
                    alt="Jean Baptiste Detroyes"
                /><br /><b>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Nathan&nbsp;Tréhout&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</b></a
            >
            <div style="margin-top: 4px">
                <a href="https://x.com/n_trehout" title="Twitter"
                    ><img
                        width="16"
                        src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MarsiBarsi/readme-icons/main/twitter.svg"
                /></a>
                <a href="https://github.com/ntrehout" title="Github"
                    ><img
                        width="16"
                        src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MarsiBarsi/readme-icons/main/github.svg"
                /></a>
                <a
                    href="mailto:ntrehout@otwld.com"
                    title="Email"
                    ><img
                        width="16"
                        src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MarsiBarsi/readme-icons/main/send.svg"
                /></a>
            </div>
        </td>
    </tr>
</table>

## Support

- For questions, suggestions, and discussion about Ollama please refer to the [Ollama issue page](https://github.com/ollama/ollama/issues)
- For questions, suggestions, and discussion about this chart please visit [Ollama-Helm issue page](https://github.com/otwld/ollama-helm/issues) or join our [OTWLD Discord](https://discord.gg/U24mpqTynB)

Commit message:

feat: support nvidia MIG by introducing `ollama.gpu.nvidiaResource` defaulting to `nvidia.com/gpu`
- shouldn't change anything for non-MIG scenarios
- one could set `ollama.gpu.nvidiaResource: "nvidia.com/mig-1g.10gb"` to use a MIG slice instead
- this only allows _using_ MIG slices for Ollama, MIG setup itself is out of scope, best done with nvidia's gpu-operator separately
- bump chart version; describe changes for artifacthub.io; update README.md with new option

Signed-off-by: Ricardo Pardini <ricardo@pardini.net>

README.md, after:

![otwld ollama helm chart banner](./banner.png)

[![Artifact Hub](https://img.shields.io/endpoint?url=https://artifacthub.io/badge/repository/ollama-helm)](https://artifacthub.io/packages/search?repo=ollama-helm)
[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/badge/Discord-OTWLD-blue?logo=discord&logoColor=white)](https://discord.gg/U24mpqTynB)


[Ollama](https://ollama.ai/), get up and running with large language models, locally.

This Community Chart is for deploying [Ollama](https://github.com/ollama/ollama). 

## Requirements

- Kubernetes: `>= 1.16.0-0` for **CPU only**

- Kubernetes: `>= 1.26.0-0` for **GPU** stable support (NVIDIA and AMD)

*Not all GPUs are currently supported with ollama (especially with AMD)*

## Deploying Ollama chart

To install the `ollama` chart in the `ollama` namespace:

```console
helm repo add ollama-helm https://otwld.github.io/ollama-helm/
helm repo update
helm install ollama ollama-helm/ollama --namespace ollama
```

## Upgrading Ollama chart

First please read the [release notes](https://github.com/ollama/ollama/releases) of Ollama to make sure there are no backwards incompatible changes.

Make adjustments to your values as needed, then run `helm upgrade`:

```console
# -- This pulls the latest version of the ollama chart from the repo.
helm repo update
helm upgrade ollama ollama-helm/ollama --namespace ollama --values values.yaml
```

## Uninstalling Ollama chart

To uninstall/delete the `ollama` deployment in the `ollama` namespace:

```console
helm delete ollama --namespace ollama
```

Substitute your values if they differ from the examples. See `helm delete --help` for a full reference on `delete` parameters and flags.


## Interact with Ollama

- **Ollama documentation can be found [HERE](https://github.com/ollama/ollama/tree/main/docs)**
- Interact with RESTful API: [Ollama API](https://github.com/ollama/ollama/blob/main/docs/api.md) 
- Interact with official clients libraries: [ollama-js](https://github.com/ollama/ollama-js#custom-client) and [ollama-python](https://github.com/ollama/ollama-python#custom-client)
- Interact with langchain: [langchain-js](https://github.com/ollama/ollama/blob/main/docs/tutorials/langchainjs.md) and [langchain-python](https://github.com/ollama/ollama/blob/main/docs/tutorials/langchainpy.md)


## Examples
- **It's highly recommended to run an updated version of Kubernetes for deploying ollama with GPU**

### Basic values.yaml example with GPU and two models pull at startup
```
ollama:
  gpu:
    # -- Enable GPU integration
    enabled: true
    
    # -- GPU type: 'nvidia' or 'amd'
    type: 'nvidia'
    
    # -- Specify the number of GPU to 1
    number: 1
   
  # -- List of models to pull at container startup
  models: 
    - mistral
    - llama2
```
---
### Basic values.yaml example with Ingress
```
ollama:
  models:
    - llama2
  
ingress:
  enabled: true
    hosts:
    - host: ollama.domain.lan
      paths:
        - path: /
          pathType: Prefix
```

- *API is now reachable at `ollama.domain.lan`*

## Helm Values

- See [values.yaml](values.yaml) to see the Chart's default values.

| Key | Type | Default | Description |
|-----|------|---------|-------------|
| affinity | object | `{}` | Affinity for pod assignment |
| autoscaling.enabled | bool | `false` | Enable autoscaling |
| autoscaling.maxReplicas | int | `100` | Number of maximum replicas |
| autoscaling.minReplicas | int | `1` | Number of minimum replicas |
| autoscaling.targetCPUUtilizationPercentage | int | `80` | CPU usage to target replica |
| extraArgs | list | `[]` | Additional arguments on the output Deployment definition. |
| extraEnv | list | `[]` | Additional environments variables on the output Deployment definition. |
| fullnameOverride | string | `""` | String to fully override template |
| hostIPC | bool | `false` | Use the host’s ipc namespace. |
| hostNetwork | bool | `false` | Use the host's network namespace. |
| hostPID | bool | `false` | Use the host’s pid namespace |
| image.pullPolicy | string | `"IfNotPresent"` | Docker pull policy |
| image.repository | string | `"ollama/ollama"` | Docker image registry |
| image.tag | string | `""` | Docker image tag, overrides the image tag whose default is the chart appVersion. |
| imagePullSecrets | list | `[]` | Docker registry secret names as an array |
| ingress.annotations | object | `{}` | Additional annotations for the Ingress resource. |
| ingress.className | string | `""` | IngressClass that will be used to implement the Ingress (Kubernetes 1.18+) |
| ingress.enabled | bool | `false` | Enable ingress controller resource |
| ingress.hosts[0].host | string | `"ollama.local"` |  |
| ingress.hosts[0].paths[0].path | string | `"/"` |  |
| ingress.hosts[0].paths[0].pathType | string | `"Prefix"` |  |
| ingress.tls | list | `[]` | The tls configuration for hostnames to be covered with this ingress record. |
| initContainers | list | `[]` | Init containers to add to the pod |
| knative.containerConcurrency | int | `0` | Knative service container concurrency |
| knative.enabled | bool | `false` | Enable Knative integration |
| knative.idleTimeoutSeconds | int | `300` | Knative service idle timeout seconds |
| knative.responseStartTimeoutSeconds | int | `300` | Knative service response start timeout seconds |
| knative.timeoutSeconds | int | `300` | Knative service timeout seconds |
| livenessProbe.enabled | bool | `true` | Enable livenessProbe |
| livenessProbe.failureThreshold | int | `6` | Failure threshold for livenessProbe |
| livenessProbe.initialDelaySeconds | int | `60` | Initial delay seconds for livenessProbe |
| livenessProbe.path | string | `"/"` | Request path for livenessProbe |
| livenessProbe.periodSeconds | int | `10` | Period seconds for livenessProbe |
| livenessProbe.successThreshold | int | `1` | Success threshold for livenessProbe |
| livenessProbe.timeoutSeconds | int | `5` | Timeout seconds for livenessProbe |
| nameOverride | string | `""` | String to partially override template  (will maintain the release name) |
| nodeSelector | object | `{}` | Node labels for pod assignment. |
| ollama.gpu.enabled | bool | `false` | Enable GPU integration |
| ollama.gpu.number | int | `1` | Specify the number of GPU |
| ollama.gpu.type | string | `"nvidia"` | GPU type: 'nvidia' or 'amd' If 'ollama.gpu.enabled', default value is nvidia If set to 'amd', this will add 'rocm' suffix to image tag if 'image.tag' is not override This is due cause AMD and CPU/CUDA are different images |
| ollama.gpu.nvidiaResource | string | `"nvidia.com/gpu"` | Resource to use for nvidia cards; change to (example) 'nvidia.com/mig-1g.10gb' to use MIG slice. MIG setup is not done by this chart and best done through nvidia's gpu-operator separately. |
| ollama.insecure | bool | `false` | Add insecure flag for pulling at container startup |
| ollama.models | list | `[]` | List of models to pull at container startup The more you add, the longer the container will take to start if models are not present models:  - llama2  - mistral |
| ollama.mountPath | string | `""` | Override ollama-data volume mount path, default: "/root/.ollama" |
| persistentVolume.accessModes | list | `["ReadWriteOnce"]` | Ollama server data Persistent Volume access modes Must match those of existing PV or dynamic provisioner Ref: http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/persistent-volumes/ |
| persistentVolume.annotations | object | `{}` | Ollama server data Persistent Volume annotations |
| persistentVolume.enabled | bool | `false` | Enable persistence using PVC |
| persistentVolume.existingClaim | string | `""` | If you'd like to bring your own PVC for persisting Ollama state, pass the name of the created + ready PVC here. If set, this Chart will not create the default PVC. Requires server.persistentVolume.enabled: true |
| persistentVolume.size | string | `"30Gi"` | Ollama server data Persistent Volume size |
| persistentVolume.storageClass | string | `""` | Ollama server data Persistent Volume Storage Class If defined, storageClassName: <storageClass> If set to "-", storageClassName: "", which disables dynamic provisioning If undefined (the default) or set to null, no storageClassName spec is set, choosing the default provisioner.  (gp2 on AWS, standard on GKE, AWS & OpenStack) |
| persistentVolume.subPath | string | `""` | Subdirectory of Ollama server data Persistent Volume to mount Useful if the volume's root directory is not empty |
| persistentVolume.volumeMode | string | `""` | Ollama server data Persistent Volume Binding Mode If defined, volumeMode: <volumeMode> If empty (the default) or set to null, no volumeBindingMode spec is set, choosing the default mode. |
| podAnnotations | object | `{}` | Map of annotations to add to the pods |
| podLabels | object | `{}` | Map of labels to add to the pods |
| podSecurityContext | object | `{}` | Pod Security Context |
| readinessProbe.enabled | bool | `true` | Enable readinessProbe |
| readinessProbe.failureThreshold | int | `6` | Failure threshold for readinessProbe |
| readinessProbe.initialDelaySeconds | int | `30` | Initial delay seconds for readinessProbe |
| readinessProbe.path | string | `"/"` | Request path for readinessProbe |
| readinessProbe.periodSeconds | int | `5` | Period seconds for readinessProbe |
| readinessProbe.successThreshold | int | `1` | Success threshold for readinessProbe |
| readinessProbe.timeoutSeconds | int | `3` | Timeout seconds for readinessProbe |
| replicaCount | int | `1` | Number of replicas |
| resources.limits | object | `{}` | Pod limit |
| resources.requests | object | `{}` | Pod requests |
| runtimeClassName | string | `""` | Specify runtime class |
| securityContext | object | `{}` | Container Security Context |
| service.annotations | object | `{}` | Annotations to add to the service |
| service.nodePort | int | `31434` | Service node port when service type is 'NodePort' |
| service.port | int | `11434` | Service port |
| service.type | string | `"ClusterIP"` | Service type |
| serviceAccount.annotations | object | `{}` | Annotations to add to the service account |
| serviceAccount.automount | bool | `true` | Automatically mount a ServiceAccount's API credentials? |
| serviceAccount.create | bool | `true` | Specifies whether a service account should be created |
| serviceAccount.name | string | `""` | The name of the service account to use. If not set and create is true, a name is generated using the fullname template |
| tolerations | list | `[]` | Tolerations for pod assignment |
| updateStrategy | object | `{"type":""}` | How to replace existing pods |
| updateStrategy.type | string | `""` | Can be "Recreate" or "RollingUpdate". Default is RollingUpdate |
| volumeMounts | list | `[]` | Additional volumeMounts on the output Deployment definition. |
| volumes | list | `[]` | Additional volumes on the output Deployment definition. |
----------------------------------------------

## Core team

<table>
    <tr>
       <td align="center">
            <a href="https://github.com/jdetroyes"
                ><img
                    src="https://github.com/jdetroyes.png?size=200"
                    width="50"
                    style="margin-bottom: -4px; border-radius: 8px;"
                    alt="Jean Baptiste Detroyes"
                /><br /><b>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Jean Baptiste&nbsp;Detroyes&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</b></a
            >
            <div style="margin-top: 4px">
                <a href="https://github.com/jdetroyes" title="Github"
                    ><img
                        width="16"
                        src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MarsiBarsi/readme-icons/main/github.svg"
                /></a>
                <a
                    href="mailto:jdetroyes@otwld.com"
                    title="Email"
                    ><img
                        width="16"
                        src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MarsiBarsi/readme-icons/main/send.svg"
                /></a>
            </div>
        </td>
       <td align="center">
            <a href="https://github.com/ntrehout"
                ><img
                    src="https://github.com/ntrehout.png?size=200"
                    width="50"
                    style="margin-bottom: -4px; border-radius: 8px;"
                    alt="Jean Baptiste Detroyes"
                /><br /><b>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Nathan&nbsp;Tréhout&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</b></a
            >
            <div style="margin-top: 4px">
                <a href="https://x.com/n_trehout" title="Twitter"
                    ><img
                        width="16"
                        src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MarsiBarsi/readme-icons/main/twitter.svg"
                /></a>
                <a href="https://github.com/ntrehout" title="Github"
                    ><img
                        width="16"
                        src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MarsiBarsi/readme-icons/main/github.svg"
                /></a>
                <a
                    href="mailto:ntrehout@otwld.com"
                    title="Email"
                    ><img
                        width="16"
                        src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MarsiBarsi/readme-icons/main/send.svg"
                /></a>
            </div>
        </td>
    </tr>
</table>

## Support

- For questions, suggestions, and discussion about Ollama please refer to the [Ollama issue page](https://github.com/ollama/ollama/issues)
- For questions, suggestions, and discussion about this chart please visit [Ollama-Helm issue page](https://github.com/otwld/ollama-helm/issues) or join our [OTWLD Discord](https://discord.gg/U24mpqTynB)
